Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we like Account class setup and we even called this function and just made sure these were
actually working.
So we're going to continue work on this account class now and it's I saw these I remember when we tested
dysfunctional function there's all those errors on the page because of these variables and the fine.
Yeah.
So we need to pass these variables which come from our form into the register class.
So this register function is actually going to take some parameters it's going to take a username parameter
so we can just say you end for user name and then change to you.
And it's also going to take a first name parameter.
So f n n agenda from to f n it's going to be a last name parameter.
So Ellen and Jane just to Ellen as they email an email to parameters.
So.
And then also easom to buy that.
And then this can just be an it's me too.
And the same thing for passwords.
So p.w. and Peter were you two.
I'm in these variable names could otherwise if we the whole name would be a pretty long line.
So Peter we and Peter we need to change out to be do you.
And then finally people are you too right.
So I go back to our registered our BHB page where we called this rest function and remove that.
Just cut it or copy for an hour.
We don't want to call it there because from here we actually have access to the field so we can't get
the data from the text boxes.
So that's going to call the Reds to function from the register handler up HP code.
But keep this code here.
This can say going to create the camera from here so that we can use it in this page.
But also we can use on this page I'll show you why we need to use on this page later on.
For now just leave that there go to register handler doppie HP code and then in here underneath where
you do use sanitisation functions call your account arrow register so use on your camera which we still
have access to because this was declared above this class because remember I said when you include it
it basically copies all the code and then paste it below.
So doing that is essentially just like that remember.
So we created the rebel here where access is it underneath.
So this variable is able to be access in this code which is why we can call it here.
So our account register we call the reddest function.
But remember we just added these parameters so we actually need to add the parameter values.
So if you use a name first name these are these variables here by the way.
And we have last name and we also have email or email and then we have email to them.
Finally we have password and password too.
Okay.
So now when you press the register Bernie or sad dies the data will call the register function it's
the register function we're going to validate the information they've added.
So we're start by our validating username because the first function we're calling.
So we'll start there.
And the very first check we going to do on this versing move this line we don't need that.
The first thing we do on this user name validation is to check the length of and make sure it's a suitable
length.
So we're going to say if S.T. Len.
So string length.
This means the length of a string.
So you end which is the proud to hear.
So if the length of Username this return the length of character so if you if your username is cat in
return three is the length.
This is three characters long.
So Esti our lan string length is greater than 25 characters or double pipes in all the pipes and we'll
look for any keyboard just a big line down so or SDR are LAN u.n. again or if the length of a user name
variable is less than 5.
Then we don't want to allow them to register because then this means if the length of use and there
was great in 25 characters or if the length of the use in a row is less than five characters.
This means a username has to be between 25 and 5 characters.
Right.
So if it's not so if any of these are true it means that they're using is not within the length we want.
We're going to add an error to the error.
We don't actually have the error rate at.
So at the top we actually create that.
We have a say private area a rate just like that and that's it.
But then inside the construct remember the construct I said is the first thing that gets called the
first bit a curry that gets executed when you create an object of this class.
We're going to just say this arrow British member down here when I explain this this refers to the instance
of this class.
Just follow along for an hour if you still don't understand it.
A while to get the hang of that so just know that you have to call this in order to access this variable.
So this error rate equals Irae.
So when we create a variable of type account like we do here in the registered of each class the very
first thing that happens is it will do this code here.
In this case we set our error a variable to be an empty array.
OK and then going back to this bar the username function we can just add an error message to the eraser.
If they use names out of the ballons we one we can just put a ray and the score bursch and then inside
there this.
Ray this is the era we're going to put the value into the value going to put into your day is the message
so it can be your username must be it five and 25 characters just like that.
So if they're using too long or too short then we'll put this error message into the air.
Okay.
And then we'll just return and we don't want to continue excuse this function if we find any errors
at all.
The registration will be unsuccessful so we'll just return there.
So yes but return and that's it for that.
So if they use them is a suitable length.
The only way to do is check that the username doesn't already exist.
So we have actually created the user table yet so we can't do that at the moment.
So for an hour just leave a comment.
So we know we have to come back to it to do that and we can just say check if user name persists.
So we'll come back to this when we have the user table set up and that's it.
That's the only check we're going to do on the username for now.